1. Login Component
1. Go to ALM
2. Log into The project available for the training
3. Go to the Business Components module
4. Under the Businees Components tree, create a folder and name it "BPT Training"
5. Go to Test Plan Module
6. Under the test plan Module, create a folder and name it: "Manual Tests"
7. Right click in the folder just created and select: "Create a New Component"
8. The Component will be called: "Login"
9. Under the manual implementation tab, create following steps for this component:
   1. access to http http://96.226.128.114:11500/mtours/servlet/com.mercurytours.servlet.WelcomeServlet
   2. Type your username
   3. Type your Password
   4. Click Sign-in
10. Go to the Parameters Tab and then add two Parameters: Username(username) Password(password)
11. Go to the Test Plan Tree and select the test that has been created, right click and select: "Convert to Component"
12. Select the "BPT Training" component folder as destination for the component that we are going to create.
13. Keep the same name for the new component: "Login"
14. Go to the Business Component module
15. Go to the BPT Training folder and then select the Login component.
16. Go to the Parameters tab, select the password parameter input value and then click in the drop-down button to define the password as "encrypted".

2. In the flght Finder Page Component
create the steps to find an available flight:
1. Choose the trip
2. From the passangers drop-down button, select 2
3. The departing from will be London
4. Select a date to arrive in
5. From the drop-down menu, select Paris
6. Select Firs Class
7. Select Pangea Airlines from the Airline menu
8. Click COntinue

3.Select Flight Component
1.Select a Flight Available
2. Click Continue

4.Book a Flight Component
1. Type your name in the First Name text box
2. Type your Last Name in the Last name text box
3. Type the card number
4. Click "Secure Purchase"

5. Flight Confirmation Component
Once the flight has been booked and make sure the information is correct, click  on logout
1.Click Log-out
1. Click Continue

Go to Test Plan
1.Create a folder named Mercury Tours BPT
2. Create a test as "businee process" type
3. Go to "Test Script" tab and click "select components"
4. Select the 5 components from the "Components training folder"
5. Sort them out in a logical sequence
